Fraud and corruption can happen at any level of our business.
Take the example of Genevieve. She works in a junior administrative role at our head office.
Feeling ill on August 9, she leaves work early and visits her local doctor
who suggests she rest at home for a couple of days.
The doctor provides Genevieve with a certificate stating she is unable to work from August 9 until August 11.
On the morning of August 12 Genevieve still feels too ill to go to work.
Instead of going back to the doctor she alters the date on the doctor's certificate from August 11 to August 14
and hands it in to her People Leader when she returns to work on August 13.
Genevieve believes she hasn't done anything seriously wrong because if she had gone back to the doctor
he would have given her another certificate anyway.
How would you describe Genevieve's actions?